[Applause]
[Music]
yes
Thank You mam viddhi my you Anna
[Applause]
Facebook Graph mean anchor a customer
call a Korean dictator my mass is very
fantastical time as it arrived 13 Disney
Mumbai II ain't Sinkin they cook a widow
or a Asansol in this car since we are
more at any time so no sickness I need
you to promise
[Applause]
you know mighty anything like the meetup
it
ha ha
[Applause]
beautifully please you're keeping
yourself first songs I really like Jeff
is thinking you're a band you like
[Music]
simcha
[Applause]
all them is the biblical to Moscow
instead people
[Applause]
it's an example the transfer the corners
they much
[Applause]
[Music]
one console my name is Mika and I'm from
the Netherlands I am a bit cute fun yes
I found out about cute around six years
ago and I saw their video and I was
immediately in love with them I loved
their dances and their music and their
concert are just so full of energy and
it's just so fun to watch and it's just
really cool my favorite member is okay
since at the team cuca is definitely the
best and I hope kyouto will come to your
once again so I can watch them again and
I hope to visit Japan one day to see a
real concert and dance with all the
other cute fans together the psycho
thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
I'll stay asleep
a pencil in purple the typical going to
be the opens in stock
[Applause]